Store public keys in the repository instead of artifactory (#801)
Nordix/metal3-dev-tools: ci/scripts/jumphost/README.md

## Updating user information on the jumphost

When the jumphost is created, the next step is usually to sync

> user information. The following script will collects public key
> information stored in the repository and creates corresponding
> users to the jumphost.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
user information. The following script will collect public key
information stored in the repository and create corresponding
users in the jumphost.
```

Author: That is typical of me: I apparently changed my mind in the middle of the sentence. I would actually just eliminate `will`.
